README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋 I'm R.Devendhar Reddy</h1>

<p align="center">
Full Stack Developer | UI/UX Designer | AI & Automation Explorer
</p>

---

## 🙋‍♂️ About Me:

- 🎓 3rd Year Computer Science Student  
- 🎨 Passionate about UI/UX & clean frontend design  
- ⚙️ Building full-stack apps using React & Python  
- 🤖 Exploring AI and Automation systems  
- 🚀 Focused on real-world problem solving  

---

## 📫 How to reach me:

<p>
  <a href="mailto:reddygariganeshreddy@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack:

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation-6A1B9A?style=for-the-badge"/>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=teja16asv&show_icons=true&theme=dark&hide_border=true"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=teja16asv&theme=dark&hide_border=true"/>
</p>

---

## 📌 Current Focus:

- 📚 Strengthening DSA
- 🌐 Building full-stack projects
- 🤖 Creating AI-powered applications
- 🎯 Preparing for product-based company placements

Commit message:

Revise README about personal interests and focus
Updated personal introduction and removed current focus section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋 I'm R.Devendhar Reddy</h1>

<p align="center">
Full Stack Developer | UI/UX Designer | AI & Automation Explorer
</p>

---

## 🙋‍♂️ About Me:

I’m a CSE student specializing in AI & ML, passionate about building intelligent and practical solutions.
I love turning complex problems into simple, user-friendly experiences through code.
React and Python are my playgrounds for creating full-stack applications that work and feel seamless.
I enjoy exploring AI, automation, and emerging technologies to solve real-world challenges.
Driven by curiosity and creativity, I aim to craft software that truly makes an impact.
Always learning, experimenting, and building — I believe the best tech combines design, logic, and empathy.
---

## 📫 How to reach me:

<p>
  <a href="mailto:reddygariganeshreddy@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack:

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation-6A1B9A?style=for-the-badge"/>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=teja16asv&show_icons=true&theme=dark&hide_border=true"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=teja16asv&theme=dark&hide_border=true"/>
</p>
